>> Scott Moss: So knowing that,
the first thing that we need to do is
we need to connect to our database.
>> Scott Moss: So the way you do that is
actually pretty simple with Mongoose.
So I'm just gonna make a new
file here called test.
And basically once you install Mongoose
which is already installed for you,
you just need to run mpm install,
you're already there.
We're just gonna require it.
>> Scott Moss: And
it's pretty simple to connect.
The only thing you have to do is, I'm
just gonna make a function or connect and
you'll see why in a minute.
Is you can use the Mongoose.connect
function or function or method here.
And the way that you connect
the database as Mongoose is like
pretty straight forward,
you just have to give it a URL.
And I'm just gonna give you the format
of what Mongoose URL looks like.
The first part is gonna be the protocol,
the protocol for
mongodb is gonna be mongodb,
that's gonna be the protocol.
Just like in URL in the browser, the
protocol's HTTP, or a web socket is ws.
For Mongo, it's mongodb, so that's the
protocol that you're gonna use for URLs.
Once you've got the protocol,
you're gonna type in the host name to it.
In this case,
because you're on your machine,
the host name is gonna be localhost.
So we're gonna say localhost.
So we've got the protocol,
we've got the host name, and
then you need to add the explicit port.
By default, everyone here should
most likely be binding to the same
default port that Mongo binds to,
which is gonna be 27017.
That's gonna be the default
port that Mongo binds to.
You can change that if you want, but
I would just keep it there to save.
Cuz if someone else uses this,
and they didn't set that setting,
this is gonna be annoying.
So just keep like that there.
Unless, for whatever reason,
you just love that port and
you got something else running on it,
then yeah.
So once you have that, the next
thing is the name of the database.
And you can put whatever you want here.
Remember, if it's there,
it'll connect to it.
If it's not there, it'll create it.
So you can put literally whatever
you want here, it doesn't matter.
And now you're connected to the database.
And mongoose.connect return to promise.
So you can just put a return here.
And now we have a connect function that
returns a promise that connects to
the database.
And that's about it.
There's this other option here in Mongoose
that has like different types of options.
And depending on what version of
Mongoose you might be running.
All of you are running the latest version.
You might have the passes
in different parameters.
You might get some warnings
in the console that says,
hey you have to pass this option.
Just listen to those warnings and
pass those options.
And like I said it is going to depend
on what versions of Mongoose and
combination of Mongo that you have.
They change it all the time.
Sometimes Mongo updates, but
Mongoose might be lagging behind so
you'll see a lot of deprecated
warnings in the terminal.
Sometimes you can't do anything
about that, cuz it's not your code,
it's Mongoose internally.
So just try your best to adhere to those
warnings, but if it's like a deprecation
warning that you can't deal with,
then don't worry about it.